the book of Malachi the burden of the
the book of Malachi the burden of the word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi I
word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi I
word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi I have loved you says the Lord yet you say
have loved you says the Lord yet you say
have loved you says the Lord yet you say in what way have you loved us was not
in what way have you loved us was not
in what way have you loved us was not Esau Jacob's brother says the Lord yet
Esau Jacob's brother says the Lord yet
Esau Jacob's brother says the Lord yet Jacob I have loved but Esau I have hated
Jacob I have loved but Esau I have hated
Jacob I have loved but Esau I have hated and laid waste his mountains and his
and laid waste his mountains and his
and laid waste his mountains and his heritage for the Jackals of the
heritage for the Jackals of the
heritage for the Jackals of the wilderness even though Edom has said we
wilderness even though Edom has said we
wilderness even though Edom has said we have been impoverished but we will
have been impoverished but we will
have been impoverished but we will return and build the desolate places
return and build the desolate places
return and build the desolate places thus says the Lord of Hosts they may
thus says the Lord of Hosts they may
thus says the Lord of Hosts they may build but I will throw down they shall
build but I will throw down they shall
build but I will throw down they shall be called the territory of wickedness
be called the territory of wickedness
be called the territory of wickedness and the people against whom the Lord
and the people against whom the Lord
and the people against whom the Lord will have indignation for ever your eyes
will have indignation for ever your eyes
will have indignation for ever your eyes shall see and you shall say the Lord is
shall see and you shall say the Lord is
shall see and you shall say the Lord is magnified beyond the border of Israel a
magnified beyond the border of Israel a
magnified beyond the border of Israel a son honours his father and a servant his
son honours his father and a servant his
son honours his father and a servant his master if then I am the father where is
master if then I am the father where is
master if then I am the father where is my honor and if I am a master where is
my honor and if I am a master where is
my honor and if I am a master where is my reverence says the Lord of Hosts to
my reverence says the Lord of Hosts to
my reverence says the Lord of Hosts to you priests who despise my name yet you
you priests who despise my name yet you
you priests who despise my name yet you say in what way have we despised your
say in what way have we despised your
say in what way have we despised your name you offer defiled food on my altar
name you offer defiled food on my altar
name you offer defiled food on my altar but say in what way have we defiled you
but say in what way have we defiled you
but say in what way have we defiled you by saying the table of the Lord is
by saying the table of the Lord is
by saying the table of the Lord is contemptible and when you offer the
contemptible and when you offer the
contemptible and when you offer the blind as a sacrifice is it not even and
blind as a sacrifice is it not even and
blind as a sacrifice is it not even and when you offer the lame and sick is it
when you offer the lame and sick is it
when you offer the lame and sick is it not evil offer it then to your governor
not evil offer it then to your governor
not evil offer it then to your governor would he be pleased with you would he
would he be pleased with you would he
would he be pleased with you would he accept you favorably says the Lord of
accept you favorably says the Lord of
accept you favorably says the Lord of hosts but now intrigue cards favor that
hosts but now intrigue cards favor that
hosts but now intrigue cards favor that he may be gracious to us while this is
he may be gracious to us while this is
he may be gracious to us while this is being done by your hands
being done by your hands
being done by your hands will he accept you favorably says the
will he accept you favorably says the
will he accept you favorably says the Lord of Hosts who is there even among
Lord of Hosts who is there even among
Lord of Hosts who is there even among you who would shut the doors so that you
you who would shut the doors so that you
you who would shut the doors so that you would not kindle fire on my altar in
would not kindle fire on my altar in
would not kindle fire on my altar in vain I have no pleasure in you nor will
vain I have no pleasure in you nor will
vain I have no pleasure in you nor will I accept an offering from your hands for
I accept an offering from your hands for
I accept an offering from your hands for from the rising of the Sun even to it's
from the rising of the Sun even to it's
from the rising of the Sun even to it's going down my name shall be great among
going down my name shall be great among
going down my name shall be great among the Gentiles in every place incense
the Gentiles in every place incense
the Gentiles in every place incense shall be offered to my name and a pure
shall be offered to my name and a pure
shall be offered to my name and a pure offering for my name shall be great
offering for my name shall be great
offering for my name shall be great among the nations says the Lord of hosts
among the nations says the Lord of hosts
among the nations says the Lord of hosts but you profane it in that you say the
but you profane it in that you say the
but you profane it in that you say the table of the Lord is defiled and it's
table of the Lord is defiled and it's
table of the Lord is defiled and it's fruit it's food is contemptible you also
fruit it's food is contemptible you also
fruit it's food is contemptible you also say oh what a weariness and you sneer at
say oh what a weariness and you sneer at
say oh what a weariness and you sneer at it says the Lord of hosts and you bring
it says the Lord of hosts and you bring
it says the Lord of hosts and you bring the stolen the lame and the sick
the stolen the lame and the sick
the stolen the lame and the sick thus you bring an offering should I
thus you bring an offering should I
thus you bring an offering should I accept this from your hand says the Lord
accept this from your hand says the Lord
accept this from your hand says the Lord but cursed be the deceiver who has in
but cursed be the deceiver who has in
but cursed be the deceiver who has in his flock a mail and takes a vow but
his flock a mail and takes a vow but
his flock a mail and takes a vow but sacrifices to the Lord what is blemished
sacrifices to the Lord what is blemished
sacrifices to the Lord what is blemished for I am a great king and my name is to
for I am a great king and my name is to
for I am a great king and my name is to be feared among the nations